1. US8038875
Title    :Treatment apparatus for ship ballast water
Subclass :C02F - Treatment of water; waste water; sewage; or sludge
Abstract :A practical treatment apparatus for ship ballast water, which can kill aquatic organisms contained in the ballast water, is provided by being easily incorporated in an existing ballast-water system piping in a ship. In a branch pipe 131 branched from the existing ballast-water system piping for taking in the ballast water into the ship by a first ballast pump 4 with high flow-rate/low pressure and transferring it to a ballast tank 2, an ozone mixing device for mixing ozone generated by an ozone generator, a second ballast pump 134 for discharging said ballast water with lower flow-rate/high pressure than those of said first ballast pump, a slit plate 135 provided on the secondary side of said second ballast pump 134 and having a plurality of slit-shaped openings for passing said ballast water, and a deaeration tank 136 for deaerating undissolved ozone from the ballast water are provided, and the apparatus is configured so that the ballast water after deaeration discharged from said deaeration tank 136 is returned to said ballast-water system piping.

2. US7794590
Title    :Entrapping immobilization pellets for purifying breeding water, process and apparatus for purifying breeding water, and aquarium set
Subclass :C12N - Micro-organisms or enzymes; Compositions thereof; Propagating; preserving; or maintaining micro-organisms; Mutation or genetic engineering; Culture media
Abstract :Entrapping immobilization pellets for purifying breeding water in an aquarium to breed aquatic animals, wherein microorganisms are entrapped and immobilized in an aqueous polymer gel and the entrapping immobilization pellets are colored.

3. US8017001
Title    :System for mineral hardness management
Subclass :C02F - Treatment of water; waste water; sewage; or sludge
Abstract :The disclosed systems and methods for maintenance of an enclosed body of water generally include mobile systems and/or methods for removal of mineral hardness and other particulate impurities via lime softening filtration. Chemicals are added to a body of water containing unwanted mineral hardness (or other particulate impurities) and mixed to assist dispersion. The chemicals react with the hardness minerals making them insoluble. The resulting precipitate falls out of solution to the bottom of the body of water for subsequent removal via filtration. This eliminates or otherwise reduces the need for draining water and/or adding new water to a body of water to maintain proper mineral hardness balance and/or concentration of other particulate impurities.

4. US7901606
Title    :Production of porous materials by supercritical fluid processing
Subclass :C08J - Working-up; General processes of compounding; After-treatment not covered by subclasses C 08 B; C; F; G
Abstract :The present invention provides a method of producing porous structures, particles or matrixes, which may be comprised of one or a plurality of components, an apparatus for carrying out the method and particles formed in accordance with the method. The method is particularly suitable for producing porous composite or pure particles for pharmaceutical applications. In accordance with the method, a composite comprising a material such as a pharmaceutical, a biodegradable polymers and/or a biological agent is formed. The composite must further comprise a material that is soluble in supercritical fluid. Extraction of the supercritical fluid soluble material produces porous structures, which may be in the form of particles or matrixes.

5. US8038638
Title    :Plasma detoxification and volume control system and methods of use
Subclass :A61M - Devices for introducing media into; or onto; the body; Devices for transducing body media or for taking media from the body; Devices for producing or ending sleep or stupor
Abstract :An extracorporeal circuit for removing toxins from the blood and plasma volume control in patients suffering from sepsis and renal failure. The extracorporeal circuit disclosed herein comprises a plasma filter, a toxin removal device and optionally a hemofilter that minimizes electrolyte and protein depletion from the treated plasma while effectively removing both free and protein-bound toxins. The toxin removal device comprises adsorbent materials selected from the group consisting of activated carbon, ion exchange resins and non-ionic exchange resins and the adsorbent materials are coated with albumin. Also provided are associated methods for treating patients suffering from sepsis and renal failure using the disclosed extracorporeal circuit and toxin removal device.

6. US7429329
Title    :Hybrid chemical/mechanical dewatering method for sewage treatment plants
Subclass :C02F - Treatment of water; waste water; sewage; or sludge
Abstract :A hybrid chemical/mechanical dewatering sewage treatment plant and method employing rapid sludge chemical dewatering technology in conjunction with slower conventional mechanical dewatering solids agglomeration and disposal methods to meet operating constraints and environmental permitting restrictions and siting limitations for disposal of sewage and wastewater.

7. US7485259
Title    :Organic compound and metal ion synergistic disinfection and purification system and method of manufacture
Subclass :A01N - Preservation of bodies of humans or animals or plants or parts thereof; Biocides; e.g. as disinfectants; as pesticides; as herbicides; Pest repellants or attractants; Plant growth regulators
Abstract :A new, novel and useful disinfection and purification system comprised of organic compounds in synergistic action with selected metal ions and method of manufacture and use. One of the benefits that is derived from this system is the ability to quickly and easily treat a surface, fluid or medium for disinfection of bacteria, fungi, viruses, algae and protozoans, with a non-toxic, non-chlorinated mixture that effectively kills all such organisms in minutes or hours. The disinfection and purification system remains effective for long periods of time maintaining its disinfection capacity making it highly effective for stored or transported mediums such as potable drinking water. The disinfection and purification system may be incorporated with carbon block or membrane filters to disinfect filtered liquids such as water to render it potable. The disinfection and purification system may be infused into semi-permeable surfaces or applied to non-porous surfaces such that the disinfectant compounds of the system would be delivered to surface of an object to be disinfected by leaching, capillary action, mere contact, water activation and/or osmosis/diffusion.

8. US7713416
Title    :Process for transforming sludge into NPK type granulated fertilizer
Subclass :B01D - Separation
Abstract :A process for transforming sludge into NPK type granulated fertilizer in which the energy consume is reduced a 90% thanks to the addition of a special filtration step in which the water content is reduced a 50% and the remaining water is evaporated by the exothermic reaction occurring in the process. Additionally, the process of the present invention includes mechanisms that allow some of the by products generated by some of the reactions, to adsorb crystallization water and reduce the humidity of the mass without using external energy.

9. US7632409
Title    :Cation-exchange displacement chromatography process and cationic organic compounds for use as displacer compounds in cation-exchange displacement chromatography process
Subclass :B01D - Separation
Abstract :A displacement chromatography process and displacer compounds used in the process and having the general formula (I): ##STR00001## wherein: each group R.sub.1, R.sub.2, R.sub.3, R'.sub.1, R'.sub.2, and R'.sub.3, independently may be selected from alkyl, aryl, and aralkyl, and in which a ring containing one or more quaternary nitrogen may be formed by any one or more of R.sub.1 and R.sub.2, R.sub.1 and R'.sub.1, R.sub.1 and R.sub.4, R.sub.4 and R'.sub.4, or R.sub.4 and R.sub.5; each R.sub.4, R'.sub.4, R.sub.5 and R'.sub.5 independently may be selected from alkyl, aryl, aralkyl and --(CH.sub.2).sub.a--(CHY).sub.b--(CH.sub.2).sub.c--N.sup.+R.sub.1R.sub.2R-.sub.3 An.sup.-, wherein R.sub.1, R.sub.2 and R.sub.3 are as defined above; each Y independently may be selected from --H, --OH, --OR.sub.6, halo, alkyl, aryl and aralkyl, wherein --R.sub.6 may be alkyl or --(CH.sub.2).sub.a--(CHOH).sub.b--(CH.sub.2).sub.c--N.sup.+R.sub.1R.sub.2-R.sub.3 An.sup.-, wherein R.sub.1, R.sub.2 and R.sub.3 are as defined above; each q and z independently may be any whole number from 0 to about 6, with the proviso that q+z is equal to or less than about 6; each a, b, and c independently may be any whole number from 0 to 2, with the proviso that the sum a+b+c in any fragment is at least 1; and each An.sup.-independently may be one or more organic or inorganic, monovalent or polyvalent anion as needed to obtain a neutral compound.

10. US7454295
Title    :Anti-terrorism water quality monitoring system
Subclass :G01N - Investigating or analysing materials by determining their chemical or physical properties
Abstract :An Anti-Terrorism water quality monitoring system for continuously monitoring a potable water treatment system and related potable water distribution network that provides potable water to a municipality, city, housing development or other potable water consumer. The system includes the collection of data from the water distribution system and from the water treatment facility and from advanced separation processes which are integrated into analytical instruments. The data collected are stored in a remote database on a remote server computer or bank of computers and accessible by Homeland Security or its designated agency. Preferred parameters of monitoring include the turbidity and disinfectant such as chlorine, hypochlorous acid, sodium hypochlorite, calcium hypochlorite, ozone, chlorine dioxide, chloramines, hydrogen peroxide, peracetic acid.

11. US7678266
Title    :Integrated water treatment apparatus and methods for natural water improvement
Subclass :B01D - Separation
Abstract :A water treatment apparatus includes a float configured to float on the surface of a water body, a first fluid channel coupled to the float and configured to circulate contaminated water in the water body, and a second fluid channel coupled to the float and configured to filter contaminated water in the water body. A fluid transport apparatus can draw the contaminated water through the first fluid channel at a first flow rate and through the second fluid channel at a second flow rate.

12. US8039206
Title    :Detection of micro-organisms
Subclass :B01D - Separation
Abstract :Improved methods for detecting microorganisms, such as yeast and bacteria in mixtures, are disclosed. Methods include passing a sample mixture through a filter device, which has been pretreated with a detergent, resuspending the filtrand in the filter membranes and detecting the presence of microorganisms in the filtrand.

13. US7384564
Title    :Electrolytic cell and process for removal of bromide ions and disinfection of source waters using silver cathode and/or dimensionally stable anode (DSA): a process for the reduction of disinfectant/disinfection byproducts in drinking water
Abstract :Electrolytic process combines disinfection with removal of bromide from raw water. Current is applied to the electrodes in an electrolytic cell with raw water that has some salinity as the electrolyte. The electrodes consist of silver or dimensionally stable anodes (DSA) as cathodes and dimensionally stable anodes (DSA) arranged in parallel baffling fashion. During electrolysis chloride is converted to chlorine. The chlorine immediately effects disinfection of the water and reduction of bromide ions to bromine gas which is liberated from the cell. Aqueous bromine will remain in solution as hypobromous acid. The extent of chlorine generation and bromide loss depend upon the chloride:bromide ratio, electrical energy supplied for electrolysis, ionic strength of the water, electrode distance, cell residence time and electrode material.

14. US7485225
Title    :Composite adsorbent block for the treatment of contaminated fluids
Subclass :B01D - Separation
Abstract :An apparatus for use in the treatment of contaminated fluid is provided. The apparatus includes a body portion, made from a mixture of a waste adsorbent material and a binder material, for use in the removal of contaminants. The adsorbent material may be a nanosorbent material manufactured from self-assembled monolayers on mesoporous supports (SAMMS). The binder material, on the other hand, may include any thermoplastic material capable of binding the adsorbent material together to subsequently provide a composite material that can be shaped into a block. A method for treatment of contaminated fluid is also provided.

15. US7419593
Title    :Bioremediation mat and method of manufacture and use
Subclass :B01D - Separation
Abstract :Bioremediation geocomposite articles, and their method of manufacture, for treating (digesting) contaminats in soil or water. The bioremediating geocomposite mat includes a woven or non-woven geotexile, having a thickness of about 6 mm to about 200 mm. In the preferred embodiment, outer layers of the geocomposite article have a porosity sufficient to receive a powdered or granular contaminant-reactive material, contaminat-sorptive material, or a contaminant-neutralizing material in at least outer portions of the thickness across its entire major surface(s) for better contact of the bacteria with contaminants held by the powdered or granular material. In the most preferred embodiment, liquid-permeable cover sheets are adhered to the upper and lower major surfaces of the bacterial-containing geotextile article to prevent a powdered or granular material from escaping from the geotextile during transportation and installation.

16. US7374655
Title    :Electrochemical water purifier
Subclass :C02F - Treatment of water; waste water; sewage; or sludge
Abstract :An electrolytic water purification system and method use provides a water filtration device with a plurality of electrolytic cells having anodes and cathodes specifically selected to remove contaminants from water. The device is capable of efficiently removing nearly all contaminants from water and is also capable of purifying the water by destroying micro-organisms which are in the water. Many minerals are removed from the purified water, and it is not necessary to add chemicals to the water during or after the purification process.

17. US8075766
Title    :Liquid filtration system
Subclass :B01D - Separation
Abstract :A water treatment method is provided for helping to partially or completely remove sodium and methane gas from water. In the method, water is combined with a reactant that is formulated to combine with the sodium in the water and form a compound. The water and compound are then passed through a bed of media for helping to separate the compound from the water. The method also includes aerating the water to release gases contained therein by breaking the water into microdroplets by passing it through a screen. Additionally, the method may include a step wherein the water is passed through an acidic resin for facilitating a cation exchange where additional sodium is removed. A water treatment apparatus for performing the method is also provided.

18. US7727940
Title    :Silicone-tackifier matrixes and methods of use thereof
Subclass :C09K - Materials for miscellaneous applications; not provided for elsewhere
Abstract :In one embodiment, the present invention provides a silicone-tackifier matrix composition that comprises at least one silicone polymer component, at least one tackifying agent, and at least one curing agent and/or at least one cross linking agent.

19. US7368057
Title    :Method and system for removing residual water from excess washcoat by ultrafiltration
Subclass :B01D - Separation
Abstract :A washcoat coating composition is disclosed that includes at least one water insoluble organic solvent and at least one polymer, such as an epoxy acrylic copolymer. A method of removing residual water from a mixture of residual water and washcoat using ultrafiltration is also disclosed. A method of coating a metal article and a washcoat system for applying a washcoat to a metal article is also disclosed.

20. US7799233
Title    :Apparatus and method for ultrasound treatment of aquatic organisms
Subclass :B01J - Chemical or physical processes; e.g. catalysis; colloid chemistry; Their relevant apparatus
Abstract :The invention provides a method of treating a target area with an ultrasound wave pattern, including: providing an ultrasound apparatus having an ultrasound wave generator operatively attached to a plurality of transducers, coupled to an immersible support and configured to emit an ultrasound wave; immersing the apparatus into a water environment; positioning the apparatus proximate to a target area to treat at least one in situ organism; and emitting a pattern of ultrasound waves from the transducers, the pattern of ultrasound waves additive in effect and emitted onto the target area to threat an in situ underwater organism.

21. US7703285
Title    :System and method for generating electricity from super critical water oxidation process
Subclass :F01K - Steam engine plants; Steam accumulators; Engine plants not otherwise provided for; Engines using special working fluids or cycles
Abstract :Systems and method for generating electricity using heat from a SCWO reaction. The system may comprise a pump that pumps the mixture undergoing the SCWO reaction to a pressure above the critical pressure point for the mixture. The pressurized mixture is heated, by a heating system, above the critical temperature point for the mixture. The SCWO reaction occurs in a reaction chamber. The reaction chamber is in thermal communication with a vessel that holds water such that the heat from the mixture heats the water into steam. The steam powers a steam turbine, which is connected to an electrical generator to thereby generate electricity.

22. US7727392
Title    :System for converting kinetic energy from Brownian motion of gases or liquids to useful energy, force and work
Subclass :B01D - Separation
Abstract :A system for producing energy includes a solvent chamber, a pressure chamber and a semi-permeable barrier separating the solvent chamber from the pressure chamber. The solvent chamber for holds a solvent, and the pressure chamber hold a solute solution comprising a solute dissolved in a solvent. The semi-permeable barrier is permeable to solvent molecules and impermeable to solute molecules. Solvent molecules effuse across the semi-permeable barrier into the solute solution of the closed pressure chamber to increase the pressure of the pressure chamber, thereby generating energy in the form of hydrostatic pressure. A conversion device may convert the increased pressure in the pressure chamber to energy. The solute solution may be expelled and recycled after use.

23. US8075776
Title    :Apparatus for withdrawing permeate using an immersed vertical skein of hollow fibre membranes
Subclass :B01D - Separation
Abstract :A filtration device is provided for withdrawing permeate essentially continuously from a multicomponent aqueous substrate containing growing microorganisms in a reservoir. A vertical skein of fiber is scrubbed with coarse bubbles which emanate from a conversion baffle positioned under the skein. The substrate is aerated with fine bubbles in a size range small enough to transfer oxygen to the substrate efficiently. The baffle traps the fine bubbles and converts them to coarse bubbles which are effective to scrub the fibers. In the most preferred embodiment, the finished headers of the skein are derived from composite headers comprising a fixing lamina of resin in which the fibers are potted near their terminal ends, and a fugitive lamina of fugitive powdery material in which the terminal ends of the fibers are potted. The fugitive lamina is removed, preferably by dissolving the powder, e.g. finely divided common salt in water.

24. US7449114
Title    :Halogenated solvent remediation
Subclass :C02F - Treatment of water; waste water; sewage; or sludge
Abstract :Methods for enhancing bioremediation of ground water contaminated with nonaqueous halogenated solvents are disclosed. An illustrative method includes adding an electron donor for microbe-mediated anaerobic reductive dehalogenation of the halogenated solvents, which electron donor enhances mass transfer of the halogenated solvents from residual source areas into the aqueous phase of the ground water. Illustrative electron donors include C.sub.2-C.sub.4 carboxylic acids and hydroxy acids, salts thereof, esters of C.sub.2-C.sub.4 carboxylic acids and hydroxy acids, and mixtures thereof, of which lactic acid, salts of lactic acid--such as sodium lactate, lactate esters, and mixtures thereof are particularly illustrative. The microbes are either indigenous to the ground water, or such microbes can be added to the ground water in addition to the electron donor.

25. US7595000
Title    :Operation of evaporative cooling towers with minimal or no blowdown
Subclass :C02F - Treatment of water; waste water; sewage; or sludge
Abstract :A method and composition are provided for the operation of an evaporative cooling tower with minimal, or no, blowdown. In some embodiments, the method involves using sodium cation-exchanged softened water as makeup water for the cooling tower, providing a bypass filter for suspended solids removal from the cooling water, treating the cooling water with a composition for control of corrosion and deposition, and using an effective biocide for control of biological growth within the cooling tower system. In some embodiments, a composition is provided that comprises AMPS acrylic terpolymer, sodium silicate, phosphate ions, and polyphosphate ions. When dosed at the recommended levels, the composition controls corrosion of cooling system materials to generally acceptable levels in spite of the extremely corrosive environment resulting from the cycling of sodium cation-exchanged softened water in the cooling tower.

